computer_programming/README.md, before:

# Computer Programming History

This page record my computer programming history.

## Important Milestone

### 2021 (19y)

| Skill              | Description                                                              |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Google Cloud       | Understanding more services in Google Cloud, like Cloud Build, Cloud Run. |
| Amazon Web Service | Use CDK and SDK to integrate different AWS services to build backend apps.   |
| Express            | Use Express to develop APIs.                                             |
| MongoDB            | Learn how to use NoSQL and know the difference between SQL and NoSQL.    |

### 2020 (18y)

| Skill         | Description                                            |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| Python        | Learn Python.                                          |
| Chatbot       | Develop chatbot with LINE Bot SDK.                    |
| Cloud Service | Try to deploy the app to the different cloud service providers.|

### 2019 (17y)

| Skill         | Description                                                   |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Basic Linux   | Install Ubuntu on the computer, VM and learn basic Linux commands. |
| Cybersecurity | Start to learn cybersecurity by CTF and course provided by ISIP. |

### 2018 (16y)

  | Skill                   | Description                                                       |
  | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | Competitive programming | Learning algorithm and data structure by competitive programming. |

<!--
### 2017 (15y)

### 2016 (14y)

  | Skill                   | Description                                                       |
  | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | Competitive programming | Learning algorithm and data structure by competitive programming. |

### 2015 (13y)

  | Skill | Description                                  |
  | ----- | -------------------------------------------- |
  | C     | Use C to practice algorithm, data structure. |

--> 

## Event & Learning Record

- [Project develop (Web app & Mobile app)](./project_develop/README.md)
- [Competitive programming](./competitive_programming/README.md)
- [Cybersecurity](./cybersecurity/README.md)

Commit message:

feat: Add relation database into learning history

computer_programming/README.md, after:

# Computer Programming History

This page record my computer programming history.

## Computer programming learning history

### 2021 (19y)

| Skill              | Description                                                                |
| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Google Cloud       | Understanding more services in Google Cloud, like Cloud Build, Cloud Run.  |
| Amazon Web Service | Use CDK and SDK to integrate different AWS services to build backend apps. |
| Express            | Use Express to develop APIs.                                               |
| MongoDB / NoSQL    | Learn how to use MongoDB and know the difference between SQL and NoSQL.    |

### 2020 (18y)

| Skill             | Description                                                       |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Python            | Learn Python.                                                     |
| Relation Database | Learn query language and install MySQL server on virtual machine. |
| Chatbot           | Develop chatbot with LINE Bot SDK.                                |
| Cloud Service     | Try to deploy the app to the different cloud service providers.   |

### 2019 (17y)

| Skill         | Description                                                        |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Basic Linux   | Install Ubuntu on the computer, VM and learn basic Linux commands. |
| Cybersecurity | Start to learn cybersecurity by CTF and course provided by ISIP.   |

### 2018 (16y)

| Skill                   | Description                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Competitive programming | Learning algorithm and data structure by competitive programming. |

<!--
### 2017 (15y)

### 2016 (14y)

  | Skill                   | Description                                                       |
  | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | Competitive programming | Learning algorithm and data structure by competitive programming. |
-->

### 2015 (13y)

  | Skill | Description                                  |
  | ----- | -------------------------------------------- |
  | C     | Use C to practice algorithm, data structure. |


## Event & Learning Record

- [Project develop (Web app & Mobile app)](./project_develop/README.md)
- [Competitive programming](./competitive_programming/README.md)
- [Cybersecurity](./cybersecurity/README.md)
